genre requirement

**** There will be 1 genre rule

genre rule #89
Craftsmanship: The game is centered around crafting items out of components.

Comments:I think this rule is clear enough, and is applicable to a wide range
 of genres and settings. For example, a survival game where you have to
 construct basic tools (e.g a fishing rod), a puzzle game where you have to
 figure out how the pieces fit together, a space game where you build a rocket
 and fly to the moon.



Artistic requirements

**** There will be 2 artistical rules

artistical rule #47
Include dialog in poetic form (rhymed couplets, limerick, haiku) as much as you
can

artistical rule #48
Include snow

Comments:To be clear, not all text has to be in poetic form, but of course,
 the more the better. You can pick one style and use it throughout, or mix and
 match various styles. Wikipedia has a lot of information about Poetic Forms if
 you need some inspiration.

 The snow rule can be interpreted in a large variety of ways: Evil Snowman
 enemies or Snow particle effects or Snow crystals, etc.



technical requirement

**** There will be 2 technical rules

technical rule #48
path finding

technical rule #55
use unicode to display non-english characters (e.g. russian, japanese). If you
don't know any of these languages, that doesn't matter. Just use a phrase.

Comments:Note that for pathfinding, we don't specify what has to find a path
 - you could make the player find a path though a maze, or you could make a
 character move from A to B automatically. Also, there is no specific path
 finding algorithm required, but A* path finding is an obvious candidate.

 The unicode text has to be a phrase, you can't just include a unicode snowman
 (☃) somewhere in your dialog and be done with it. For best results, use a
 language with a completely different alphabet, and not a language that just
 uses the latin alphabet with a few accented characters (such as French or
 Swedish). It would be allowed (but not required) to just translate the game,
 and make it available e.g. in English and Chinese. If you do so, you should
 make it easy for reviewers to switch the game language.



bonus

**** There will be 1 bonus rule

bonus rule #3
Act of Formaldehyde: you can opt out of a rule if instead you decide to follow
three other rules from a previous Speedhack/TINS. The rules page containing
those rules should still be up for all to see.

Comments:This rule is optional. If you choose to apply this rule, you may
 ignore one of the other rules. As far as I can tell, all the previous
 Speedhack/TINS rule pages are still online Three replacement rules may seem
 like a lot, but by now there is so much speedhack history to choose from, that
 you could probably choose any random commercial game, and find three
 TINS/speedhack rules that match it just by chance.



Retro size rule

Finally, I want to add a reminder that for this competition, the size
requirement for the game has been increased to 5Mb (after compression).
However, those who manage to make their submission fit within the 400Kb limit
of previous competitions, will receive a virtual "honour badge" that will be
displayed next to your entry.
